I would invite you to first just
do the random word of the day and
ignore the word validation part and
maybe do that last,
that might make this easier, but that's
up to you of how you wanna work this.
So, here's an interesting one that we're
gonna talk about right now we talked
about GETs kind of implicitly, anytime
that you open this page here, right?
It's actually doing what's
called a get from this API,
which means that I'm trying to
pull information out of an API.
There's other verbs of
what you can do to an API.
So we did GETs, but you can also do posts.
So if I wanna send information to
an API you need to post to the API.
So, if I open this in my browser here,
it's actually
not gonna know what to do with it it's
gonna say some random error message.
You can kind of ignore it.
But basically it's just saying I don't
understand what you're trying to
say, right?
Because we have actually haven't
sent anything to the API to try and
validate it.
So I'm gonna show you how to do that.
In order to do that your browser
actually just does gets so
we're gonna have to do something
besides just opening it in a browser.
We have to use some other sort of program
to be able to talk to the API cuz we're
gonna try and send information to the API
rather than pull information out of it.
So there's two programs you can use one's
called Postman, and one's called Insomnia.
I'm gonna use insomnia cuz
that's the one that I use.
So I'm gonna open a program here
that I have called insomnia.
But you can install Insomnia at insomnia
rest client or something like that.
This is insomnia.rest if
you wanna download it.
Okay, but you can also look for
postman that's also very popular as well,
and they're both free.
Let's do cools set.
Okay, here we go.
So I have this API client here.
So what this is doing you
know how we're making fetches
to API's using our browser I'm gonna
make this a lot bigger so you can see it
This is just a client that does that and
it's that's all this insomnia client does.
So we're gonna go to
our documentation here.
Here we're gonna and get to this, we're
gonna paste that in here and we're gonna
make sure this is a GET and we're gonna
make sure that our body here is empty.
Okay, I'm gonna send that, right?
And so this is basically what I was
already seeing in my browser, right?
This word ivory something like that.
This is just making API requests just like
our browser would do a fetch client this
is basically a fetch request we're doing
a fetch request kind of inside of this
program.
This is just a little helper to
make requests against an API.
So, GET again the idea with a GET is
you're pulling something out of an API
you want information, you want
the weather, you want the word of the day.
But here with the validate word API that
we're trying to do here, I wanna give it
information, I wanna send it information,
I wanna send it this JSON object.
So I'm going to give it some JSON of a
word and I wanna say is this a valid word?
So if I put cools in here and I send
that oops, I need to do a post you might
see some sort of 403 error here
that request cannot be satisfied.
It's because your verb is wrong, right?
Right now I'm trying to post or
I'm trying to get somewhere where it's
actually expecting a post, right?
So if I say POST here and
I say send then I get this back, right?
So, the word cools, cools is a valid
five letter word yes, right?
So I get valid word true back.
Or, do I want I don't know
ASDFF is that a valid word?
So I'll send that and
this is not a valid word, right?
So, this will give me back from
the API is this about whether or not.
I think this will actually only
validate five letter words so
if I put I don't know intent or
something like that, right?
This is a six letter word I think it will
tell you it's not a valid word because
this is only validating five letter words
specifically built for this word clone.
Okay, so, couple of things here
with insomnia specifically you
need to set this on to JSON here.
I think it might default to multipart
form or something like that or
form URL encoded.
Right, cuz there's multiple.
We've talked about how you can send JSON,
you can send XML, you can send Yamo
there's a bunch of stuff that you can
send to API's we're using JSON today.
Shouldn't need any auth headers shouldn't
need any queries or anything like that.
In your headers you might have
content-type application/JSON you're just
letting it knows by the way I'm sending
JSON some API endpoints will speak
multiple languages.
So you have to identify I'm
sending you this kind, right?
Imagine it's like a call center that
you call this speaks both English and
Spanish, right?
And you have to press this is pressing 9
to talk to it a Spanish agent instead of
an English agent, right?
This is just telling us I'm
sending you this in JSON.
And then here I get this back you can also
look at there's all these headers that it
will send back to you they'll tell
you what it sent back to you.
It's like okay I'm going to respond to you
in JSON, it's exactly 35 letters long.
I sent it at this time, and
there's a bunch of stuff that
Amazon sends from you as well.
So, let me show you how to do that
really quick here in post let's just for
a second we're gonna head
back to the async await here.
So, with fetch in fact let's
just look at the MDN fetch.
This is the way I would look at it and
a pilot would look for
verbs, Fetch,
Yeah, so
this is the documentation for fetch.
There's a lot of things that
you could send with fetch.
So you can send a different headers,
you can send a different methods which
is what we care about the moment.
You can say if this is gonna be and
causes a whole nother thing which
we won't talk about at the moment.
Some of them are gonna require some
sort of authentication mechanism, right?
So, a good example is when you tweet,
right,
you post to some endpoint that
Twitter has that allows you to tweet.
But it's very critical that you only let
a person that is actually that correct
person tweet from their own account,
right?
I shouldn't be able to tweet from
your account you shouldn't be able
to tweet from mine.
So you have to have some sort
of authentication header.
We're not worrying about Auth today but
that's what this would go in here and
there's a bunch of other stuff like that.
But if I was trying to do a, let's say for
example this was a post URL instead
you'd give it a configuration object.
And you would say the method here is
POST normally it's done in all caps I
don't think it actually has to be.
And then you would also have
to send it to the body.
The body being what you're
trying to send to it.
So if I was trying to
going back to my insomnia,
if I was trying to send it like word here,
right?
It would just be JSON.stringify.
We could just put this on here and one
line might be a little bit easier to read.
Right cuz body actually has to
end up being a string, right?
That makes sense.
So I'm just sending the word intent here.
So that's how you do a POST instead
of a GET everything is a GET by
default you have to override
it to make it a POST.
POST make sense?
Okay.
Going back to our project,
Yeah, and again if you see that 403 error,
you're probably trying to get to the POST
endpoint or
you're trying to post to the GET endpoint.
Make sure you're not sending bodies
to the word of the day, right?
Because it doesn't expect
any information from you and
it doesn't know what to do if
it gets information from you.
And, by the same token make sure if you're
posting to say that you are sending
the body right because it expects
the body every single time.
So in other words if you're seeing these
errors you probably didn't formulate your
request correctly.
And you'll frequently see something
like missing authentication token or
some sort of nonsense like that.
It's basically Amazon saying we
don't know what to do about this.
You did not formulate it
the way that we expect you to.